this Mark Twain prize that's happening
at Kennedy Center on Sunday are you
feeling more comfortable now
no cepting accolade oh you know it's a
it's a fixed fight it's you just they
gotta have somebody show up and and I'm
not doing anything so I said I'll be
there and by the way thank you for your
participation thank you for asking me I
would have been devastated if you hadn't
I almost feel like you asked me because
you knew how upset I would be if I was
excluded from this event that's right
that's true yeah yeah I am you're not
thinking about that what this network
yeah eventually sure we're how long have
you been here I've been almost 15 years
it'll be 15 years in January
[Applause]
no I wouldn't think it's what you're
right where you want to be now I guess
so do you feel like you miss it some
parts no I don't I miss I miss wearing
makeup yeah that's the best Paul do you
like the band or not it's a terrific
band and we know we get to wear makeup
and play music we haven't made up here
yeah do you how do you think the old
band feels seeing you up there with new
guys absolutely pissed I heard you say
that you feel like you're an entirely
different person I'm a bit of a
different person it was I mean thank God
because the great struggle in life is to
be better each and every day and if you
take a look around the horizon of
humanity it's my god is there anything
we can do big or small to make the life
of just one person a little bit better
and that's no small accomplishment
but anyway I'm profiling through what
life after being was I fired or retired
I know money they're hired a retired Lee
retired there was a whole thing there
was a show everyone paid by oh that's
right who ever have ever seen any of
that since Hilo have you seen a moment
of yourself on television know if it
came on would you I'm not gonna watch
this show tonight me do you watch
yourself I never ever ever
I never when I see myself I changed the
channel ya know it's it's too awful I
was in Colorado and I'm lost I'm
hopelessly lost and I see a thing it's a
coffee shop but not a coffee shop it's
like you know beans and things or
whatever they call it right
[Laughter]
so I remember seeing that on my drive in
from the airport so I know I'm in the
general vicinity of the airport yeah so
I walk in just I'm not wearing a suit
but I'm clothed and and and I know I
bring this on myself because of the the
beard and and well you have a beard
yourself thank you people are people on
you all the time about shaving no they
like mine
it's tempting you know that all right I
look like a civil war statute there's
talk you might get removed he was I was
like I have been removed so I heard that
Paul it's not funny
so I go into the store and I said kid
I'm lost I'm looking for the airport and
she says oh sure it's tearing this now
semaphore uh nice today can you just jot
down some instructions sure be happy to
so she writes it out you go down here a
half a mile it's gonna be Anderson
Street you turn right on Anderson Street
then you go to deep valley or some
Colorado name and then you go to Pine
Valley and it's all the way up to ski
hill and so I'm looking at him and she's
got lights and speed limits and it's a
wonderful bit of diagramming and a
lovely young woman and I said oh this is
fantastic thank you you've saved my life
and I said no how long will this take me
to get there
and she looks at me and I'm like this
more or less and she says are you
walking Dave I just I'm so grateful for
your being here tonight I do have
something for you all please I hope or
you don't do the game available today no
I don't want to have it outside I don't
I think you're like
it's a baby born
[Applause]
it's a baby bowling he's been wandering
Brooklyn and now he's all yours I got
all taken
[Music]
[Applause]
that ballplayer hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if
you like that click the subscribe button
below and good things will happen
forever